Nicko you live here in the Principality
for many years you consider that the
hometown guy how do you feel before you
Homer Grand Prix here we which will be
on Sunday yeah I've lived here all my
life since I've been two weeks old and
I'm very excited about the race this
weekend because also the moment is very
special for me to have have the best car
because our car is incredible to have
won the last race in Barcelona you know
it gives me a good boost and then to
come here now Monaco of course is the
the highlight of the year and for me
special because it's my home race in
front of my family friends everybody I
know in my my home streets you know so
that's incredible also I get up in my
own bed and I put on my overall and then
I go to the race track it's really
strange and yeah and I look forward to
it of course because I've been fortunate
enough to have won the last two here and
it would be great to add one more that
would be fantastic yeah so it's gonna be
a great weekend
let's talk about your start of the
season five races five podium the win in
Barcelona is this what you expected from
these five races well again it's been a
good start
yes but my main competitor Luis is done
a little bit better so that's not ideal
so I need to work on that a little bit
in Barcelona I start to catch up again
now which is good and very important and
I need to continue to do that here in
Monaco but for sure the opportunity is
there so it's a good time this season
this is a new thing in the motorsport is
formula e I know that electric cars and
Sun is very important for you is this
something that really matters for you
the efficiency and the electric cars of
course yeah I'm very interested in this
because it's the direction that the
world is going in and I know that you're
also very very supportive of of all
these efficient energies as great that
you've hosted the formula E
yeah for sure it has a great future that
that category and also us in f1 we are
now hybrid powers so the whole way
around the lab we have hybrid power all
the way and it's quite unbelievable that
for the same race and the same race time
and everything we use 1/3 less fuel now
so for instead of 150 liters we just use
hundred liters for the same speed and
for everything just by being better
technology and more efficient and
everything so that's quite quite
phenomenal and I think and you're also
it's a bit of an intense moment I think
with your project of the solar plane
isn't it yes no it's in Nanjing and yes
no it's a it's a great project the Solar
Impulse and we're very happy to be able
to support it in Monaco and anytime and
now but between now and Sunday it's
gonna leave Nanjing to across the
Pacific so I think that's incredibly
well but all I'll tell you about it more
later yeah but but I think anything that
can promote an f1 is doing that as nikos
has just said energy efficiency and
engine efficiency and hybrid engines i
think is a great thing and this formula
e series i think is a great showcase for
for electric vehicles and for urban
mobility and that's why the great idea
of formula e was to have these races in
an urban setting and in major cities
around the world and and I'm happy that
Monaco of course was part of this first
series of the first year of the series
but I think it with improvements and I'm
sure it will improve over the years it
will become it's even a very competitive
series now but I think it will be even
more popular and I think along with
Formula One it's not a question of
competing to see who's the better who's
the best the series or who's that what's
the best informa but i think they both
come and complement each other and they
can bring a lot of value to that
motorsport can can bring to everyone
he's very nice sir - you know very well
Nico you do very well he's dead - when
you tell us about the both guys well you
know I think it's it's it's always
difficult to try to compare a father and
a son I know a little bit about that -
I'm sure you do
but I think that you know both of them
and that the Rosberg name is very well
known in in motorsports and they brought
a lot to - f1 since decades now and and
maybe and it's hard to compare periods
and hard to compare from the one of
thirty years ago and and now you know
but but I think that the spirit is there
and the competitive spirit has always
been very very very strong between Nico
and his dad is dead maybe had a little
less patience than if I may say that
then Nico does but you know they're
great competitors in there and great
champions thanks guys thank you